Fix typo in validation errors docs (#12205)
pydantic/pydantic: docs/errors/validation_errors.md

## `frozen_instance`

> This error is raised when `model_config['frozen'] == True` and you attempt to delete or assign a new value to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error is raised when `frozen` is set in the [configuration](../concepts/config.md) and you attempt to delete or assign a new value to
```
